README.md, before:

# Daily Work Agenda

Nowadays, people are to busy to keep track of each and every task that they need to do during the day. Therefore, a calender reminding them of the duties and assignments is an indispensable tool. This project helps to realize a calender with reminding capabilities.


<br>
In order to achieve this goal, I took the following steps:

<br>

1. show the current date

2. make all the work hour sections dynamically

3. color each work hour based on current hour (gray for past hours, red for current hour, and green for upcoming hours)

4. show the saved to-do list based on hour

5. save new to-do list for each hour after pressing its save button

6. delete the saved to-do list of each hour after pressing its save button


<br>

<br>


## Mock-up

---------------------------------

![my-deployed-page.png](my-deployed-page.png)

<br>

<br>

## The used technologies  

---------------------------------

|      Technologies     |
|-----------------------|
|         HTML          |
|         CSS           |
|        JavaScript     |
|         Git           |
|       Bootstrap       |
|         jQuery        |
|         Day.js        |

<br>

<br>

## How to Use

---------------------------------

By opening page, the current date is shown. The user can write a to-do list for each hour, and after pressing the save button embedded in its relevent section, that task will be saved and is accessible each time that page is loaded. To delete a to-do list of an hour, It's enough to delete it and press the save button. If the current hour is during work hours, that hour is shown red, the previous hours are shown gray, and the upcoming hours are shown green. If the current hour is after work hours, all work hours in agenda will be gray, and if the current hour is before work hours, all work hours will be green.   

<br>

<br>

## The link of deployed site

---------------------------------

[]()

<br>

<br>

## Credits

---------------------------------

Name:     Bahareh Hosseini

Github page:      [https://github.com/Bhmerir](https://github.com/Bhmerir)


<br>

<br>

## License

---------------------------------

Distributed under the MIT License. See LICENSE.txt for more information.

Commit message:

Add a timer to change the colors if needed, and add the image of site to README file

README.md, after:

# Daily Work Agenda

Nowadays, people are to busy to keep track of each and every task that they need to do during the day. Therefore, a calender reminding them of the duties and assignments is an indispensable tool. This project helps to realize a calender with reminding capabilities.


<br>
In order to achieve this goal, I took the following steps:

<br>

1. show the current date

2. build all the work hour sections dynamically

3. color each work hour based on current hour (gray for past hours, red for current hour, and green for upcoming hours) 
4. check the colors each second and change them if the current hour has been changed

5. show the saved to-do list based on hour

6. save new to-do list for each hour after pressing its save button

6. delete the saved to-do list of each hour after pressing its save button


<br>

<br>


## Mock-up

---------------------------------

![my-deployed-site.png](my-deployed-site.png)

<br>

<br>

## The used technologies  

---------------------------------

|      Technologies     |
|-----------------------|
|         HTML          |
|         CSS           |
|        JavaScript     |
|         Git           |
|       Bootstrap       |
|         jQuery        |
|         Day.js        |

<br>

<br>

## How to Use

---------------------------------

By opening page, the current date is shown. The user can write a to-do list for each hour, and after pressing the save button embedded in its relevent section, that task will be saved and is accessible each time that page is loaded. To delete a to-do list of an hour, It's enough to delete it and press the save button. If the current hour is during work hours, that hour is shown red, the previous hours are shown gray, and the upcoming hours are shown green. If the current hour is after work hours, all work hours in agenda will be gray, and if the current hour is before work hours, all work hours will be green.   

<br>

<br>

## The link of deployed site

---------------------------------

[https://bhmerir.github.io/daily-work-agenda](https://bhmerir.github.io/daily-work-agenda)

<br>

<br>

## Credits

---------------------------------

Name:     Bahareh Hosseini

Github page:      [https://github.com/Bhmerir](https://github.com/Bhmerir)


<br>

<br>

## License

---------------------------------

Distributed under the MIT License. See LICENSE.txt for more information.
